# School-District-Analysis

Looking at the data, there are various conclusions that can be drawn. One being, the average spending per capita per school is 620 and when looking at the top overall passing rates between the 15 schools only two out of the tops five schools (Cabrera High School, Thomas High School, Griffin High School, Wilson High School, and Pena High School) exceeded the average spending of 620. This may indicate there is not a strong correlation with a high budget and high overall score. This can be reinforced through the data when looking at the bottom performing schools where all of the bottom five exceed the average spending per capita. 

What may be a contributing factor in student sucess is number of students attending a school. When comparing the top perfomring schools to the bottom performing schools the bottom perfoming schools have a far greater amount of students. If we were to take the total amount of students attending all 15 schools and calculated the average we would get an average of 2,611 students per school. Every school listed in the bottom performing chart exceeds the student average by at least 338 students. Looking at the top perfomring schools, not one exceeds 2,611. The school with the highest number of students in the top perfomring group is only 2,283. This is a gap of 328 students when comparing to the average. The largest student gap when looking at top performing schools is 1,649 students, this would be Pena Highschool with only 962 students and an overall passing rate of 90.5%. 

A conclusion that can be drawn is that schools with a lower amount of students are able to give more attention to each students struggles and needs which leads to greater student success oppossed to simply increasing a budget. 
